British English Academy.
B1 listening activity.
Course: B1 Independent English.
Module 3: Travel, Culture and Narratives.
Lesson 2: Travel, Culture and Narratives: Vocabulary Lesson 2.
Listen for the opinion, reason and example.
Listen for useful words and phrases. Repeat the key vocabulary after the speaker.
Learning objective: Learners can explain, narrate, give reasons and manage familiar situations in a vocabulary task about technology.
Today you will practise language connected to technology.
Target language: reported speech basics.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise vocabulary for travel, culture and narratives. You will learn useful language connected to technology and practise reported speech basics. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at B1 level.